modify yinglong (#937)
PaddlePaddle/PaddleScience: examples/yinglong/README.md

This code is the implementation of YingLong. We select the southeastern region of the United States, which is around the range of 80-110W, 30-42N, with 440 × 408 grid points in Lambert projection.

<div align=center>
    <img src="doc/fig_arch1.jpeg" width="70%" height="auto" >
</div>

## Installation

### 1. Install PaddlePaddle

> Please install the <font color="red"><b>2.6.0</b></font>  or <font color="red"><b>develop</b></font> version of PaddlePaddle according to your environment on the official website of [PaddlePaddle](https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/en/install/quick?docurl=/documentation/docs/en/develop/install/pip/linux-pip_en.html).

Reviewer: 这里能否使用3.0 beta?

Author: 3.0 beta推理速度有问题，还没解决，暂时使用2.6

For example, if your environment is linux and CUDA 11.2, you can install PaddlePaddle by the following command.

``` shell
python -m pip install paddlepaddle-gpu==2.6.0.post112 -f https://www.paddlepaddle.org.cn/whl/linux/mkl/avx/stable.html

> ```

Reviewer: 同上

After installation, run the following command to verify if PaddlePaddle has been successfully installed.

``` shell
python -c "import paddle; paddle.utils.run_check()"
```

If `"PaddlePaddle is installed successfully! Let's start deep learning with PaddlePaddle now."` appears, to verify that the installation was successful.

### 2. Install PaddleScience

Clone the code of PaddleScience from [here](https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleScience.git) and install requirements.

``` shell
git clone -b develop https://github.com/PaddlePaddle/PaddleScience.git
cd PaddleScience
pip install -r requirements.txt -i https://pypi.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/simple
export PYTHONPATH=$PWD
```

## Example Usage

### 1. Download the data and model weights

``` shell
cd examples/yinglong
wget https://paddle-org.bj.bcebos.com/paddlescience/datasets/yinglong/western_valid_data.tar
tar -xvf western_valid_data.tar
wget https://paddle-org.bj.bcebos.com/paddlescience/datasets/yinglong/eastern_valid_data.tar
tar -xvf eastern_valid_data.tar
wget https://paddle-org.bj.bcebos.com/paddlescience/models/yinglong/inference.tar
tar -xvf inference.tar
```

### 2. Run the code

> The following code runs the YingLong model, and the model output will be saved in 'outputs_yinglong_eastern(western)/result.npy'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code runs the YingLong model, and the model output will be saved in `outputs_yinglong_eastern(western)/result.npy`.
```
